#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile docs/requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
autodoc-pydantic[erdantic]==2.2.0
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinxawesome-theme
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   sphinx-gitref
    #   typer
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-gitref
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
erdantic==1.1.0.post1
    # via autodoc-pydantic
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sphinx
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
packaging==25.0
    # via sphinx
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   autodoc-pydantic
    #   erdantic
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   sortedcontainers-pydantic
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   erdantic
    #   pydantic
    #   sortedcontainers-pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via autodoc-pydantic
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pygraphviz==1.14
    # via erdantic
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
requests==2.32.3
    # via sphinx
rich==14.0.0
    # via typer
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via sortedcontainers-pydantic
sortedcontainers-pydantic==2.0.0
    # via erdantic
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   autodoc-pydantic
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-gitref
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxawesome-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.3
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
sphinx-gitref==0.4.1
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-dark-mode==1.3.0
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-dark-mode
sphinxawesome-theme==5.3.2
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
typenames==2.0.0
    # via erdantic
typer==0.16.0
    # via erdantic
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
